foreign
people think somebody who really sees
food projections is really smart because
they come up with really cool unique
innovative ideas or they act in a way
that's seemingly not normal but yet it
works and it's not so much really that
they're smart or not smart it's that
they don't see the same level of
limitation on everything that somebody
who fully buys into their projections
sees welcome to the art of
accomplishment where we explore how
deepening connection with ourselves and
others leads to creating the life we
want with enjoyment and ease I'm Brett
Kistler here today with my co-host Joe
Hudson
today we're going to talk about
projections so Joe you've talked about
projections a lot in our courses this
idea that that from our past experience
we create these beliefs that we carry
into the present
and that this shapes our reality in the
moment and I'd like to get into that a
little bit further today
so Joe what are projections it is such a
complicated subject because the word
projection is used for
many things right so there's the
psychological projection which is
you know somewhat stems from like
Young's work and some other
psychologists and that's this idea that
the parts of ourselves that we can't own
the parts of ourselves that are
either good or bad but that we we can't
have full ownership over we project onto
other people
and this is something that happens when
you're deeply triggered
so
an easy way to look at this just briefly
is
you look at most politicians and if you
see them like really just accusing
somebody else of something you can see a
way in which that is true about what
they're doing as well
so or if you're dealing with somebody
they're like oh my God they're so
arrogant
like that comment in itself is arrogance
right it's like as if you can presume to
know what their reality is
so that's projecting the unknown parts
of ourselves and it can be positive
things too like oh my gosh they're so
smart they're so they understand
everything and I don't
that can also be unowned parts of
ourselves positive on parts of ourselves
that we then project onto other people
so there's that there's that's what what
we'll call psychological projection
and then there's this projection onto
the world
and that's
um more about
how we lived our first eight or nine
years of life
when we're in Theta brain waves and
where we're basically learning what life
is
and we might learn that like love is
associated with shame or money is
associated with lack or
Authority is associated with anger and
then we go and recreate those
projections in our life because we're
like okay that's what we learned it is
and so you go out into the world you're
in your 20s your 30s your 40s and you
find out that everybody who you choose
to have a romantic relationship with
has a tendency to shame you or that you
see money as something that's there's
not enough of and then you don't
you're not able to have the money that
you want or need
so there's that that kind of projection
onto the world and then there's like the
projection of self
and the projection of self which is
closely related to the next projection
but I I wanted to want to make a
distinction between the two the
projection of self is that we don't
really see the world we see ourselves
and so or we don't really see reality we
see
ourselves in reality and so that would
be
like if somebody is a thief they see the
world as
a world of Thieves if somebody
has a
deep relationship of self-love then they
see the world as love and even when they
see the atrocities of the world they see
it as people trying to love themselves
and they're not capable
so the way that
we see ourselves and relate to ourselves
then is how we interpret the world so
that's another level of projection the
projection of self and then the final
projection
that I see is
the projection of I which I'm making a
distinction here though there's not a
real one but I think it's useful to make
the distinction
and that's just the idea that there is a
you that is separate right so
we have this identity the way humans
work is we have a sense of identity and
we don't know if other animals have that
sense of identity but we have a sense of
identity
and at the very core of that sense of
identity is the idea that there is an
eye that exists as separate
and like a tremendous amount of
spiritual modalities
um Ramona Maharishi is like kind of the
the most known example where a lot of
the work is really to see the self
not as
something to be protected not as the
body not as an emotional state not as
something that's existed for 45 years or
whatever it is
but as illusionary in nature or to see
the self as the awareness of all those
things
and that's the last way that I I think
about projection so it's those four ways
that I think about projection okay so
yeah so those four basically are you've
got psychological projection where you
are projecting onto essentially someone
else's psychology
kind of making assumptions about about
their intent
or their experience and in that case
it's disowned parts of yourself parts of
yourself that you don't fully want to
accept about yourself okay yeah and
these can be like parts that you judge
about yourself but also parts that you
judge about yourself not having like
correct like uh in the case of
admiration towards somebody yeah and
they can be specifically they can be
things that you don't actually see in
yourself right it's so disowned that you
can't even see it in yourself
so if you see somebody as like super
brilliant
there's no person I've met that doesn't
have their own level of Brilliance in in
some capacity and so if you see that
admire that put that up on a pedestal
it's a strong indicator that you can't
see it in yourself
similarly if you are like that person's
a thief there's and you can't see that
you also have that in you and in your
actions then it's that's the
psychological projection okay yeah so
that's the psychological projection and
then you've got the projection onto the
world which is
sort of you're you're baked in
assumptions about how the world works
from your Early Childhood experience yes
right then you've got this projection of
self
uh like really like a projection so this
isn't a projection onto yourself is it a
projection of yourself I'm all fond of
the world seeing the world as the way
that you
are internally organized correct that's
right so I use the example of like the
saint in love but it's you know if you
think that
it's really important uh to be dressed
and put together then you're likely to
think it's important for other people to
be
dressed and put together that's like the
simple version of it and so what's good
or bad for you is good or bad for the
world the way that you see yourself and
relate to yourself is the way that you
relate to the world right so if it's
weak for you to cry then it's weak for
others to cry correct yeah great great
example yeah okay and then the last one
is the projection of I which is you're
distinguishing from the projection of
self as this one is more of a like meta
projection that you are a separate self
from the world yeah that you have an
identity yeah that there's some boundary
that is you correct right so if you
think about that like if I cut you in
half if you think you're your body and I
cut you in half which half is you or a
split brain experiment right you know
where they cut the corpus callosum and
then people had basically two very
separate identities each controlling
half of the body right at odds with each
other exactly or people think I'm
emotional well you were emotional but
what happens if that emotion just stops
you you still emotional like is it
essentially you what is essentially you
is the question it's in Romana marishi's
language it's like who am I
um
the deconstruction work of almost all
spiritual Traditions are getting to the
the basic underlying question of of what
are you essentially what is it that you
are that you have always been that from
the moment of birth to the moment of
death what's the unchangeable unmutable
part of yourself right which I suppose
is really just a process of seeing
through projections of the self yes
which changes our experience of the
world as we do that yes so as you
mentioned emotions like how how do
emotions play into projections how do
they interact when we have big emotions
we learn differently right part of how
people brainwash folks is that they have
they create big emotional experiences
for them and then that's what
allows them to change habits right when
we have big emotional experiences it's
when it allows us to learn so if you
want to redefine somebody's idea of
themselves or idea of the world
basic training is an example of this you
create these big emotional experiences
and then they have a different sense of
themselves at the end of it
so emotions are are useful in that way
right and and they're
evolved to do that so if I get bit by a
snake and I have this big emotional
experience and a big physical experience
I am less likely to be bitten by that
snake in the future
so what this does is it makes traumatic
experiences really key definers of who
we are right if we've had
uh long-term abuse or we had a car
accident or if we've been in a war it
starts to Define us because it upends
our learnings from those early days and
it changes or maybe it even happens in
those early days
of life and and so they're they're
really important that way I think the
Nuance that people often don't quite get
is that oftentimes people recognize when
they have big emotions that they are out
of control themselves right they're at
they're either you could say they're
acting in trauma or you can say they
recognize that
when that big emotion takes control they
do stuff that they don't want to do and
so the natural movement when they see
that correlation is they assume
causation and in that Assumption of
causation they say I need to manage my
emotions so that I don't have big
emotions
or I need to be in control of my
emotions and what that path ultimately
leads to is a level of disassociation
the emotions are still there they're
still moving us but we disassociate from
them and so they become harder and
harder to recognize
and
the other way to think of it is to
assume correlation like oh these things
are are together and my job isn't to
control them or suppress them or push
them down it is to learn how to
surf them and to love them and to
um accept them deeply and to find the
joy in them or to not resist them and as
if we take that step then what happens
is the emotional occurrence of our life
become vitalizing we fall in love with
them there still isn't the control
meaning that we we don't find ourselves
succumb to these big emotional
experiences because we start to see that
that is just another level of resistance
but we don't disassociate from them and
we don't
uh stop to see or recognize the massive
impact that these emotional currents are
having even if we've pushed them so far
down that we don't feel them anymore
if we don't disassociate we start to
recognize that these big emotional
currents
um in our life are more like road signs
uh rather than causation it almost
sounds like you're describing sort of a
chicken or egg thing with projections
and emotions where the the emotions that
we have in our in our early youth you
know children are very emotional and
that correlates highly with their
learning rate and how quickly they soak
up information like a sponge and they
create these projections and then we
carry these projections into our lives
and tend to see the world as it was when
we were kids which will then tend to
bring us back into those emotions that
we had when we were kids and if we let
ourselves feel those emotions and
process them then being an emotional in
this emotional state can allow us to
shift our projections yeah that's
exactly it I would say it's not that we
only see the world we create the world
right when we're living in and through a
projection
it's not just that we see the evidence
that it's true right but you also
attract the same experiences right and
you also manipulate events to create the
same experience
and
on an emotional level what's happening
is that emotion that wasn't allowed to
be felt all the way through that wasn't
allowed to move all the way through you
is looking to recreate circumstances so
that it can move all the way through you
and then the circumstances stop getting
recreated
so that's how it works on an emotional
level okay so yeah then feeling the
emotion completely allows the projection
to shift into
I don't know maybe some generalized form
because it seems like a projection is
sort of a limiting
a limiting perception on the world yeah
and that doesn't mean that they're bad
or good right they're just kind of
useful or more useful or less useful
meaning
like I project onto snakes that they're
deadly right right and now obviously all
snakes aren't deadly and I might find a
snake and think it's deadly and jump
away but it's not deadly and so the
question is what are the projections
that are are useful that create peace
and joy productivity
love in our lives
um purpose whatever it is that one one
thinks that they're after and what are
the projections that create the things
that we're not after and this is why
it's so difficult for people to
like the when you're doing the work when
you're doing the the Deep work the stuff
that
was programmed in the early days right
like if you were lucky enough to have
parents that just deeply loved you and
were attuned to your emotional
experience and wanted you to feel safe
and protected and weren't emotionally
trying to cajole you into certain
emotions and not other emotions then
it's really easy for you to reproduce
that kind of love in your life but if
you didn't get that then it's more
challenging
so it is those early projections that we
now because we have a rational conscious
mind we can say okay is that the world I
want to live in do I want to live in a
world where love is conditional or love
is shame or love is control or do I want
to live in a world where love can be
different
and we have the choice and then the work
is not just feeling the emotions but
falling in love with them on an
emotional level intellectually
to be able to just see them to just
identify them can be incredibly freeing
and then to work with them and say oh
wow I'm in a projection what if I take a
contrary action you know so
intellectually that's that's that way to
work on them right right so it also
sounds like falling in love with the
projections is part of this path too
because I I've definitely seen and
experienced in the process of
discovering that projections exist and
that everybody's doing them there can be
a process of like oh I've identified a
projection that's bad you know like
projections are bad which is just
another way of disowning yourself like
the only way that you can navigate
a chaotic world is to create some kind
of sense making system of projections
yeah you know I've never thought about
it as like falling in love with
projections but I think that just it's a
it's beautifully sad that's right you
fighting against your projections is
only a way that increases their
stability
well it's like I imagine like going
uh bird watching but you don't like
birds how many of them are you gonna
find you know like if you if you love
finding a projection it's like oh wow
I'm projecting right now cool that might
be useful right also it might be useful
to do it a little bit differently or to
experiment with it a little bit yes and
it's great because that's when you say
how many birds will you find it's like
proof so
so for instance if you talk to somebody
and you say hey tell me about a trauma
that you had and let's say that their
trauma was that when I was a kid I had a
dad who would always yell at me and the
lesson that I learned was that I had to
be quiet too
not get yelled at let's just say let's
keep it simple and so that's the data
that they picked up
the data that they didn't pick up was
the ways that they still asserted
themselves even by not speaking up they
didn't learn that wow I can survive a a
tyrant in my home not that I have to but
I can
the information that they didn't pick up
was that Mom was actually loving me the
whole time or I didn't pick up the
information that Dad did love me from
time to time and that there was kind of
this love that was available so what's
interesting is our brain is adapted to
pay more attention to the negative
things and so
oftentimes one of the ways we recreate
these things is to only see the evidence
that supports the pattern the projection
so what is what is the practice then of
becoming more aware of these projections
and re-engineering them I mean it's
different for the different levels of
projection right so in psychological in
the psychological projection like
everywhere you're triggered you're
projecting an unknown part of yourself
that's just
it doesn't mean that you shouldn't be
triggered it doesn't mean that you're
not right it just means that you're also
projecting it onto somebody else so
every time that you're triggered is a
great example of how you are
projecting a disowned part of yourself
or any way in which you idolize somebody
you're projecting a disowned Part of
Yourself
so that's a good way to work on the
psychological projection the projection
on the world is just a really easy thing
to do is just like list out 10 things
are important to you like money love
Authority decision making whatever they
are and then ask yourself what was the
essential learning you had from your
childhood about money and
love and authority and notice how you're
recreating those things right and notice
notice how you're manipulating the world
into it and I'll give you an example in
a second here how you're attracting it
and notice how you're approving it so an
example of this is you know
just like almost everybody at some point
in their life
you know you keep on dating the same
person with different names and so I
used to like attract or create this
world in which I was going to be
emotionally abandoned
so one of the things that I did was I
attracted people who were more likely to
emotionally abandon me right and and I
was attracted to them
the other thing I did was I manipulated
the world to do that right so when you
know I felt unheard instead of saying
ouch this I feel unheard and I'd really
like to be heard I'd be gotta get angry
well you're not hearing me because I was
in my trauma and then that of course
would push them away even further and
then I would look around the world and I
would say see that person emotionally
abandoned me in that person emotionally
about me but I wasn't noticing all the
people who weren't
or who really wanted not to and I wasn't
allowing to right that I was abandoning
them so that's the way to look at it as
far as like um that level of projection
and then
on the projection of I I mean the
easiest thing to do is just say what am
I and really sit in the question rather
than to look for an answer but there's
other things that you can do as well
which is
just notice the part of yourself that's
always been there or put your attention
on to attention there's lots of things
that help you see
through the the false sense of of
identity and and the kernel of that
identity being that you exist as a
separate thing or as a non-separate
thing even
that
kernel the identity is that I exists
another area that I've heard this this
concept that kind of a metaphor here is
something called like object fixation or
Target fixation like if you're flying a
parachute and you want to land in a
field but there's a tree in the field if
you look at the tree you're probably
going to hit the tree
or like driving a motorcycle around a
corner if you look into the ditch you're
going to go into the ditch yeah that's a
beautiful metaphor I really I really
like that metaphor any other there's
been like lots of times in my life where
I've seen some kind of disaster coming
in business or like in a relationship
and I'm like not wanting it but I'm just
like scared of it which makes me think
of it more which makes me see the see
and look for the evidence of it more and
not see the other paths available to me
and then the thing happens yeah I'm all
surprised for some reason yeah yeah I'm
like right now I'm I got in touch with
an old friend and
he's in a state of you know believing
that he is bad and incapable and so you
can watch this this reality that he's
living in create itself right so
he needs to do something at his job and
he doesn't want to feel the anger of his
boss so he doesn't do the thing that he
needs to do
to make sure that the job is done right
because he's trying to avoid the anger
and then by not doing the thing he needs
to do he's got more evidence that he's
bad and incapable
because he's trying to avoid the feeling
of being bad and incapable by being
yelled at by his boss right like so
that's how the whole thing moves it's
like as we see ourselves as a certain
way subconsciously or consciously we're
recreating that over and over and over
again all right so then that's how this
ties into this like projection of I sort
of being the base level projection of
all these really
because the more you see yourself as any
certain thing defined by any particular
characteristics or identity
then that's going to set the context for
the projections you're going to have in
your relationships and in the world and
upon yourself yeah that's right
unfortunately
even if you see through the eye it
doesn't really resolve the emotional
stuff right so you can have a lot of
cognitive Freedom you can have a lot of
intellectual freedom
when you see through the personal eye
when when you have that that kind of
Awakening but it doesn't change the
emotional experience of stuff in fact it
can make the emotional experience harder
to access because it starts operating at
a more disassociated way or in a lower
level way harder to recognize way
so the freedom of the intellect is great
but it's far
more productive to meet it with the
emotional Freedom as well with the
loving of all the experiences that are
all the emotional experiences that are
happening yeah that's really interesting
to me
um because like I'm very intellectual
like I don't know heavily weighted on
the intellectual personally and so like
the more I start to recognize some of my
own projections they can easily just
become a way to
be not good enough because I'm still
living in this
I don't know how to get out of this
particular projection but I see it you
know but I'm frustrated by it now
so then there's this layer of
frustration as an emotion to feel on top
of whatever emotion is driving that
projection to begin with yeah that's one
way it happens another way it happens is
that
the emotional scenery becomes more and
more
um in the background but it's still
driving you right because I know we've
talked about this is that you know we
can't make decisions intellectually all
of our decision making is emotional like
if you
remove the emotional center of a brain
then a person ceases to make decisions
even though their intellect is their IQ
is still operating at the same level
and so the emotions are still moving us
but they've become so far in the
background and there's this kind of way
of saying ah well nothing is real
nothing is true there's no I and yet all
these emotional decisions are still
happening and still there's like this
level of dramatic drama and Chaos in
life
even if you go and move to a monastery
and you know it's still there what then
is the way to
you know take the information from this
episode and understanding this existence
of projections become more aware of them
and use that as breadcrumbs into the
emotional experience underlying that
on the intellectual level I think the
the underlying problem that people
experience when they start to recognize
projections is they
will be confronted with the reality that
everything is a projection that there is
no
there's nothing that we see or do that
isn't a projection and so if you want a
direct experience of this like just look
at a tree
it's better if you look at it like a
living thing
and see it as a tree this is a tree I
see that's a tree and then see it not as
a tree see it as like oh this is just
this thing that's in front of me
No Label no projection no
right not no need to identify classify
and just be in the presence of the tree
right this is what when people talk
about deep presence this is what they're
talking about is to have a moment or two
without
like the projection operating at full
speed not that it's not always operating
not that it's not accessible to us at
any time but
to really just be in what is in this
moment without any of the labels and
stuff and you can get that really direct
sense of
being more in projection and less in
projection
so the issue that arises like I was at
least trying to trying to say was that
at some point you see the whole world as
a projection the whole thing there's no
thought that you can fully trust there's
no
emotional experience that you can fully
trust there's no body Sensation that you
can fully trust it doesn't mean you
can't trust it but it is literally like
the world becomes a kaleidoscope and
that's some scary because if you
interpret it as I'm out of control oh my
God it's a kaleidoscope now I don't know
what to do I'm out of control
it can be very scary it can be something
that you really really want to avoid and
so
the idea of projection itself is
something that
often people like will accept and
embrace very slowly
because they have to confront this thing
and if they do it really quickly it's
just really important if you really can
all of a sudden just see oh wow this
whole world is a projection
it's really important to see that
essentially that's not going to stop you
from operating at any level at all right
it's like it just is what is and there's
this huge freedom to it there's just
like oh wow I don't have to take
anything seriously and yet I can still
enjoy myself and yet I can still have
purpose and yet I can still be
productive but I can take everything
with like this light-hearted joy that
comes about
so that's the intellectual issue is that
at some point you come across this idea
that everything's a projection and
you're like oh crap you know there's
this fear
as far as the emotional part goes it's
kind of different for people who
haven't had the kind of identity of
self-switch to awareness or to the
infinite
and those who have had that switch
happen if this switch hasn't happened
then
leaning into your emotional states
loving your emotional states inviting
your emotional state seeing that the
emotional Statesman they're out of
control is just another form of
resistance
allowing them to move through your body
looking forward to them
that's the work that's the really
powerful work if it's afterwards that's
the same work but you have like a
another step on top of it like a a step
for the before
which is to dig them out it's to really
deeply go in and look for the most
nuanced little emotional shift
and Plumb the depths of that and almost
magnify it you know one of the people
who taught me about this stuff he used
to work with um monks and
I think he worked with like Trappist
monks into Benton monks and all sorts of
monks and
he said when I do the work with them
it's like dragging them back into hell
because they have to go back into the
emotional experience that they had
had you know pushed so far into the
background and when that's happening the
thing is is that you see people who have
that peace but without the joy
when they have that like calmness but
they don't have like the exuberance of
life like if they don't laugh easily and
that's a pretty good indicator that the
identity has shifted but the emotional
experience has been suppressed yeah so a
lot of these conversations reminding me
of this uh there's kind of like a
psychological test that could be
conducted where you take you think of an
object and then you have like 10 minutes
to write down how many uses for that
object you could think of
like let's say for a brick you might
just if like your projection would be
that this is a brick it is used for uh
masonry and you could build a wall with
it but the more you start to see the
brick just as an object as just
something that's not a brick then you
could start to see other purposes for it
like a counterweight for an elevator or
you could break it into sand and make
Play-Doh out of it or a million other
uses
and I think the same thing can be true
for any motion that like a projection
might come from we might be like Oh I'm
angry that means somebody else has
wronged me and it's their fault it's
like okay well that's one projection of
this emotion but if I just go into the
essence of the emotion and feel that
then what else might that mean for me
what else what other richness might
there be in that experience yeah that
that's cool first of all never heard it
explained that way which and I'm really
digging that and then second of all I
thought you were talking about something
different which it also applies to but
so let's start with the emotional
experience
right like that anger could be uh an
indication that I haven't drawn the
boundary I need to draw that anger could
be an indication that I'm not taking
care of myself that anger could be the
indication that somebody's wronged me
and you're right all of that is like
levels of projection the thing that I
thought you were talking about which
also seems like a really cool idea to me
is you know the brick could be this the
brick could be that it's the same with
projections right so oftentimes
something that happens when peoples
start seeing through their projections
they have a lot more opportunity in
front of them they see a lot more
options like they're the array of
possibilities opens up to them and so a
lot of times people think somebody who
really sees food projections is really
smart because they come up with really
cool unique innovative ideas or they act
in a way that's seemingly not normal but
yet it works and it's not so much really
that they're smart or not smart it's
that they don't see the same level of
limitation on everything that somebody
who fully buys into their projection
sees right right and that is that is
something that I meant by that as well I
went into the motion route
um but really this I think this applies
everywhere and this is really kind of a
core as a core of how Vue can change our
lives because like particularly like
impartiality and wonder but also
vulnerability for other people to have
this experience with you with getting
more information and empathy being
curious about other people's experience
and being with them and it
these characteristics or these you know
traits
lead us to have a more granular
awareness of reality beyond the initial
assumptions that we might have had
even though those initial assumptions
still exist and they still can guide our
behavior and allow us to act quickly and
effectively the more we can become aware
of them and the more we can see them as
see them for what they are as
projections then the more granular our
awareness of the world around us can be
and the more we can start to see other
possible interpretations of the world
than the ones that we
started with again that I think it's the
third time on this podcast yeah I've
never seen it that way and it's such a
beautiful articulation of it it's such a
great
story to build around it because it
that's absolutely how it works when you
look at it that way of course it's also
just a projection and of course it's
also she has a projection right that's
the thing so that's another thing that's
really cool about this work is you know
I mean I know you've seen this in my
work but you know I'll go and
pontificate on something and you know
because that that's what I'm asked to do
and
and then they'll say you know you're
totally wrong about that and I'll be
like yep that's true like I can
absolutely see the world in which
everything that I'm saying is incorrect
and because I do I can see that there is
some correctness in every point of view
and some fallacy in every point of view
and the fear for me when I was like
entering into that that way of looking
at the world was like oh I'll never
be able to act you know like how will I
act if I don't know what's right and
what's wrong right how will I be able to
act if I don't know like if I know that
everything is and isn't true
and you act the same way that you would
if you were an animal or a dragonfly
like the action still exists and you're
still processing information and you're
still having emotions and but what
happens is you start choosing the
projection that serves you best the
projection that allows for more freedom
that allows for more love that allows
for more joy and you start choosing it
but you can't stop seeing through it you
just realize at some point like if all
of it's true and not true then I
actually just get to be who I am who I
want to be yeah and I think the more
that you accept all of your projections
rather than labeling some of them as
good or some of them as bad
then the more all of them can kind of be
present in each moment and your entire
past experience can sort of average out
to one statistically most likely
scenario to be one specific Next Step
from each scenario that is likely to
have the better outcome but nothing is
guaranteed yeah and you don't really
give a if it's guaranteed or not
because
whatever shows up in your field it's not
resisted and it's not labeled you know
it's like if I was to choose hey do I
want to go to prison and
love myself
or do I want to stay out in the Free
World and hate myself you know it's like
consequences become less important
than the actual freedom to see
yourself in the world in a way that is
enlivening that is joyful yeah that
seems like a great stopping point for
this episode do you have any integration
questions for us Joe so one question
that arises is
if you write down
four of the things that trigger you most
in the world
in what ways are you judging or
disowning your that part of yourself
disowning that part of yourself
second question is
if you're looking deeply at who you
admire who you put on a pedestal what
are the parts of them that you admire
and how do you
not own that aspect of yourself
and the last question is
what's looking out behind your eyes yeah
that's a good one and I encourage you
not to answer that question just be in
it wonderful thank you Joe yeah thank
you Brett thanks for listening to the
art of accomplishment if you enjoyed
what you heard today please subscribe
and rate US on your podcast app we'd
love your feedback so feel free to send
us questions or comments you can reach
out to us join our newsletter or check
out our courses at Art of
accomplishment.com
thank you